What is Bitregion...
and how can you get a donation up to 30,000 BTC...
by just contributing only 0.15 BTC to the community?
before that. how about we see how donation can help to collect hugh amount of money within a short period of time.
Lets say if you urgently need financial help and there are 30,000 over the internet that feel sympathy with your emergency situation...
If everyone contribute 1 BTC each. the donation fund collected is about 30,000 BTC.
Actually. it is really simple.
It's just that. you are not in the position that this 30,000 people feels sympathy with your situation...
And not to mention how to collect 1 BTC from each of them without any valid reason.
Another way that sounds interesting is playing 'Mutual Fund'.
Have you heard about 'Mutual Fund' scheme before this?
It is actually a turn-based contribution that requires a group of donors to contribute to a spesific person...
within an agreed time. As example...
there are 10 people and each one of them donates 3000 BTC to this person
so. 30,000 BTC can be collected within a spesific time. But...
it is only a turn-based scheme and if the frequency of the payment set is for 1 month...
you'll have to wait until 10 month to get your money back.
Only if everyone pays on time.
and if we have to contribute every month. isn't it better if we save it in the bank?
so... is there a better way to collect donations or get help from the crowd without troubling and even giving benefits to the donator?
defenitly there is... introducing to you...
Bitregion
Bitregion is a donation community that is systematically built...
specifically to every member to get donation from other members in a fair. organized and automatically structured.
How does it work?
To first join Bitregion community. you need to contribute 0.15 BTC to a qualified receiver in your network.
Every member has the rights to get donation or more specifically known as LEVEL.which is from LEVEL1 to LEVEL8.
By just donating that 0.15bitcoin. you are now an IMMIGRANT and qualified to receive contribution from Generation LEVEL1 donators.
This means. Bitregion system will automatically assign 3 other IMMIGRANT donators that will directly contribute 0.15 BTC each...
directly to your bitcoin wallet. So. you’ll get 0.45 BTC in LEVEL1.
Let say you have collected donation 0.15 BTC from 3 donators for 0.45 BTC...
then. you should now upgrade to LEVEL 2 VISAHOLDER for 0.45 BTC
It seems you don’t get profit in LEVEL 1 yet. but you are now a full member and...
entitled to Provide Help in our Region Bank to get 1% daily profit. We’ll explain this later.
In the donation hybrid system. you’ll actually earn profit when you are in LEVEL 2!
You’ll get 0.45bitcoin from 9 other donators. This means that you’ll get total donation collection of 4.05 BTC.
You can get these donations from Generation LEVEL 2 in your network.
And. even if you can’t finish these 9 slots. you can still upgrade to LEVEL 3 PERMANENT-RESIDENT for only 0.9 BTC.
So. here you already have profit of 3.15 BTC. plus. you can get extra 12.15 BTC from generation LEVEL 3 of your network
This will continue up to LEVEL 8. and as a PRESIDENT in Bitregion...
you can get donations from 8 GENERATION LEVELS in your network worth up to 30,000 BTC.
Amazing right?
It’s really amazing and legal because it is a sincere donation contribution from member to member.
Donation is made directly from member’s bitcoin wallet to another member’s bitcoin wallet. and it’s totally transparent.
Bitregion is really a simple profitable community program that everyone should join.
Not only you can turn your 0.15 BTC to get donation up to 30,000 BTC...
but also you can simply earn 1% daily profit. or 30% monthly if you help other members in our Region Bank!
The Region Bank facilitates members who find it hard to find new donators...
but they still can earn more by Providing Help to the community members.
This is also known as PH. Then. your right to GET HELP will increase 1% per day...
or 30% monthly when you are helping other members in Bitregion.
So after you have helped others. at anytime you need help in the future...
you can then rely on Region Bank millions of community members to help you back.
This right to get help is crowd guaranteed facilitated by Region Bank algorithm.
Bitregion does not take any deposits.
Bitregion is a community platform for members to help each other...
and at the same time increases bitcoin community users worldwide through donation system.
You can actually achieve financial freedom by just provide donation and provide help in the community.
and. just by spreading your love to others.
This is the age of Community Economy so we wont be slaved like fiat money era again.
So. what are you waiting for?
Registration is free at www.bitregion.com. or by just contacting one of our community members nearest you.